# OPP

This repository holds the application our team was assigned to develop as part of the "Oblikocanje Programske Potpore" (eng. "Supporting Applications") course.

## Assignment

(courtesy of Google Translate)
Design and develop a sales information system that will support the business of auto-service. Car service
 has at least one mechanic, at least one electrician, one leader and one service director.
 They are workers of auto-service study and by closing automatically all lose their jobs. mechanics and
 electricians are called service advisors. Director and Head of the different roles but may be the same physical
 persons.

 Upon the receipt of customer, service manager opens a new work order and enter the name and surname of the party,
 address, phone number, and the vehicle customer model, year, license plate and description of the failure or
 procedures of the vehicle that the customer requires. All data except the address customers are required. Work orders have
 Our unique code that automatically generated by the system, date and time of occurrence and completion, and
 Status: in progress ( "open"), reversed, successfully completed ( "closed"). At each work order
 stated one responsible service advisor, and procedures that are performed on the car and the parts that are
 change. The system permanently stores the information on the parties who were in the service, their vehicles, and
 work orders that have already been carried out on vehicles.

 Over cars parties perform different operations services - examinations, computer diagnostics,
 mechanical repairs, electrical repairs, painting, parts replacement, and so on. All service procedures
 are predefined in the system - each has its own description, the minimum number of employees needed for the
 procedure, the number of spare parts required some type and duration of the proceedings. From these data is calculated
 the total number of man-hours of one process: the minimum number of employees * duration of the proceedings in hours.
 Various spare parts belonging to the service are also stored in the system. For each item to remember
 Since a unique code, description and price of the spare part. Information on spare parts can be made only
 service manager, mechanics and just read. All employees of the service can view a report on the stock
 - How many parts of the service at some point and that there are two types. When a spare part joins account
 then his condition in stock is automatically reduced by one. Leaders can in an open work order
 add new service procedures and replacement parts, modify or delete existing ones.

 After completion of all work on the vehicle, ie, the end of the service operations of open work orders,
 system based on the unit prices of man-hours which is stored in the database, the total number of spent
 hours and prices of all spent parts automatically calculates the total cost of the work order that
 appears on the screen. Once the customer pay work performed and the work order is closed by
 Head of service, the system immediately calculates and updates the daily balance of services. At the end of the day 2
 runs the daily calculation, the end of the month monthly bill, which is the sum of all daily accounts
 during the month, and at the end of the annual accounts as the sum of monthly accounts of that year.

 Through the interface only the director can have a look at daily, monthly and annual turnover, the underlying balance
 service. All users of the computer system to log on with your user name and unique
 code, and the user interface adapts to their rights of access to data and permitted
 functions.
 
## Organisation

The scope of the project includes the creation and documentation of the assigned application.

The application is located in the `server` folder while the documentation is in the `dokumentacija` folder. Please note that the documentation is in Croatian.

Each folder holds a separate readme where you can get more information.
